what's going on guys it is dynasty and
I'm back bringing you a another grant
that's auto 5 video that I got for you
all today is some leaked information for
possible new DLC that we're gonna have
coming our way with in the near future
now this is a bunch of vehicles that
were inside the game files fun mw2 is
back again if you guys do not know them
talking about fun and w2 is known for
releasing a lot of fleet DLC information
beforehand from trusted sources or who
actually go inside go into the games
coatings and find some things while he's
at it again just like he found the horse
you know sound effects and he found the
Martin Madrazo sound effects and all the
future heist sound effects he's back and
he's telling us that we will have
possibly some more vehicle TLC now we've
yet to see this happen guy so it'd be a
first row graph about a five now
apparently when the beach bum pack was
released there was a folder that was put
into the update and inside that folder
their names of the Alpha the gesture the
hotly and the Turismo now if you guys do
not know what these vehicles are they're
actually GTA V Eagles from the past so
if this does become a reality we'd be
seeing some returning vehicles and of
course these vehicles like i mentioned
where the Alpha land that was from grand
theft auto san andreas we also have a
gesture which was also a grand theft
auto san andreas and if I'm not mistaken
it made an appearance in grant thought
of liberty City Stories we also have the
hull tinley which was in grantha thought
of san andreas but in GTA 4 there was an
upgraded version of the huntley i
believe it was like sports coupe you
guys looking at the image on the screen
right now and last but not least we have
a Turismo notes here is what was my
personal favorite car in grand theft
auto four but it was also in grand theft
auto san andreas and also in GTA
chinatown wars so there's a lot of you
know pretty popular common vehicles that
are in sight this whole folder that was
put into the beach bum pack dlc and
along with that these were underneath
this exact same folder where the biff de
was where the Rozsival is so it's all
next to like deal see vehicles another
reason to believe and suggest that this
is going to be a possible DLC package in
the future along with that there's no
set release datawind its would actually
be released i mean the next holiday is
patty's day and after that it's Easter
it seems like they are really seasonal
with their DLC content so there is no
clue of when in fact we're to get a
release date now personally I think they
should put this into the game because
only i'll have more vehicles there's
only a set limit to the vehicles you can
get and a lot of these aren't really too
high yet but they're not really cheap so
i can imagine they'd be a bit affordable
for those people who do not have like a
pole garage full of Bugattis or what
have you cuz i modded money so i think
if the asst marzia for that put in some
like high class you know b-grade cars so
people can actually have decent vehicles
if they don't want to drop like 20 bucks
and buy yourself a bugatti so i can
definitely see where they could put this
into the game and along with that a lot
of the companies who built these games
and crafts that's Otto are actually
still around in developing cars in GTA 5
so I don't know guys what do you think
of a possible DLC for cars in Grand
Theft Auto 5 1 MW two is a pretty
trusted source in the GTA 5 community
he's probably the most known hacker in
the GTA 5 community so I'm gonna say
that we should trust this we should take
his word for it and I'm a big thank you
to him because about him we really
wouldn't have a glimpse turn inside
what's the comfrey grab the bottle 5
sdlc so that said guys hope you enjoyed
the video be sure to drop a like leave a
comment subscribe and I know this is my
thousandth video and I didn't do
anything t special but I just want to
say thank you from the bottom of my
heart you make a hobby more than jambe
it's more of a lifestyle and it's a
great lifestyle and I love doing this
because you guys are the best your
support is it's amazing and I can't
thank you guys enough so thank you from
the ball my heart for everything you
guys do for me and I promise you I will
get around to do something really
special the next milestone and I'm going
to stay 150k or maybe even sooner maybe
I'll do a special video this weekend for
a thousand videos so so next time guys
see you later peace